NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[HORN HONKS]
Hi, Holly.
Do you want to come and play?
I'd like to play, Ben,
but I can't.
We're going to visit
King and Queen Marigold.
They're a bit snooty.
I'm glad I'm not going.
I wish I wasn't going.
Maybe your mom will let you
stay and play with me.
Mommy, can I play
with Ben today?
What a good idea.
BOTH:
Hooray!
Ben can come too.
BOTH:
Oh.
That's all right,
isn't it, Mr. Elf?
Oh, yes, go off
and enjoy yourself, Ben.
See you later.
Bye.
[♪♪♪]
[GASTON BARKS]
Oh, you're coming too, are you?
[BARKING]
NANNY: Okay.
Magic car, drive on
This is fun. A magic car.
Yes. It uses fairy dust
to make it go.
Cool.
I want you all
on your best behavior today.
ALL:
Yes, Queen Thistle.
King and Queen Marigold's
home
will be full
of very precious things.
Horrible but precious.
So you mustn't touch
anything.
Visiting King
and Queen Marigold
sounds like hard work.
It'll be exhausting.
[♪♪♪]
NANNY:
Here we are.
King and Queen Marigold's
castle.
QUEEN:
Ugh. What a horrible building.
KING:
Such bad taste.
HOLLY:
It's beautiful.
BEN:
Cool castle.
[TRUMPETS PLAY]
Hello and welcome.
Holly, you remember
King and Queen Marigold.
BOTH:
Hello, Princess Holly.
Hello. And this
is my best friend, Ben.
You've met him before.
Of course.
The charming little goblin.
I'm not a goblin,
I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
Oh, an elf.
How exotic.
Did you have
a pleasant journey?
It must be so nice
to leave your Little Kingdom
behind for a day.
Tell us, honestly,
what you think of our castle?
Honestly?
It looks like a complete--
It's very nice.
I wish we had a castle
like this, Mommy.
Before we had it rebuilt
in plastic,
it was made of stone.
Imagine. How primitive.
Our castle is made of stone.
Ah, but you live
in an old-fashioned castle.
Hm, it must be
very uncomfortable.
Not really.
[BARKING]
Oh. You've brought
your ladybird.
[BARKS]
[GRUNTS]
Down, Gaston, down.
[SLURPING]
[GRUNTS]
That means he likes you.
Charmed, I'm sure.
Let's go inside.
We'll give you the tour.
Can Gaston come too?
As long as he wipes
his feet.
[BARKING]
Yes, if you could
all wipe your feet.
And please
don't touch anything.
And, if you could,
try not to breathe too heavily.
We've got lots
of precious things.
[BARKING]
[♪♪♪]
As you can see,
we've turned the idea
of the hallway on its head.
Ridiculous.
Wow. It's all upside down.
Amazing.
Oh, where's Gaston gone?
[BARKING]
KING:
There's Gaston.
He's walking on the ceiling.
No, Daddy.
Gaston's walking
on the upside-down floor.
Clever, Gaston.
Hm, yes, and I see
he didn't wipe his feet.
[BARKING]
Nanny, clean it up.
I'm not your servant.
That's right, Nanny,
you're my servant.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
So clean it up, Nanny.
Ugh. Yes, Your Majesty.
Muddy footprints
Away you go
[POPPING]
Good. Now where were we?
There are 100 rooms
in our castle.
What do you do
with all those rooms?
We fill them, my boy,
with things.
This is our collection
of pebbles.
Pebbles?
Oh.
There is nothing
quite as wonderful
as a well-polished pebble.
Oh, Indeed.
What do they do?
They're beautiful.
Please don't touch them.
We don't want them
to get them sticky.
Children always
have sticky hands.
No, we don't.
Yes, you do.
Do you think the pebbles
look beautiful, King Thistle?
What?
Oh, yes, very, uh, pebbly.
This way.
[BUZZING]
[GRUNTS]
Greenfly.
Mm.
Good boy, Gaston.
You won't be needing dinner
now.
Oh, I see you've found
our pet greenfly.
Lucinda, Gucci and Timmy.
Oh, where is Timmy?
[SIGHS]
[MUNCHING]
Timmy!
Timmy! Come here!
Hm, perhaps he's gone
for a walk.
Timmy!
[WHISPERS]
Gaston, spit Timmy out.
[SPITS]
[BUZZING]
Ah, Timmy.
[CLANGS]
[LAUGHS]
Playing hide-and-seek,
were we?
[SNORTS]
Now,
you may find the next room
a little chilly.
[CLANGING]
[♪♪♪]
Brr.
It's freezing in here.
Yes. This room must be kept
well below freezing temperature
at all times.
All these lovely things
are made of ice.
They look very beautiful,
Queen Marigold.
Yes. They're, uh, cool.
Please, don't touch.
Are they made with magic?
Oh, no.
That would be too easy.
They are made from ice that
froze over a thousand years ago.
BEN & HOLLY:
Ooh!
KING MARIGOLD:
And hand-carved
by Norwegian mining pixies.
These sculptures
are one-of-a-kind
and simply irreplaceable.
Ooh.
A swan. That's nice.
I like swans.
Oh, dear.
Nanny, what have you done?
You've broken
the swan's head off.
It's all right.
I'll magic another one.
Abracadabra, make me a bird
Ice thingy
Nanny,
that's not a swan.
It looks like a hen.
BEN:
Or a duck, maybe.
It looks lovely.
I like ducks.
This way. Do keep up.
This is our finest and most
treasured collection of all.
Antique toys.
Amazing.
You must play in here
all the time.
I could play here
forever.
This monkey
is over a hundred years old.
[CLANGING]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
And this clown
is over 200 years old.
[HORN HONKING
AND DRUM BANGING]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Apparently,
they were made
at the Elf Factory,
by someone called
the Wise Old Elf.
We know the Wise Old Elf.
Aah.
You know the Wise Old Elf?
What's he like?
He's wise.
He's old.
He's--
He's a grumpy old elf
that's a bit clever.
[♪♪♪]
KING MARIGOLD:
This is my favorite toy.
HOLLY:
A clockwork fairground ride.
But sadly, it's broken.
Don't worry,
I can mend it.
I don't think so.
It needs to be seen
by an expert.
Elves are experts,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BOTH LAUGH]
And I can help you,
Ben.
Aah! Don't touch!
These toys must not
be touched by children.
We'll have to touch it
to mend it.
Uh... Okay.
Hm... Okay.
[♪♪♪]
[RATTLING]
There. It's mended.
[WHOOPING AND LAUGHING]
[LAUGHS]
Whoopee!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[MUSIC STARTS]
Ho-ho-ho. Vroom, vroom.
Beep, beep.
BOTH:
Whee!
[BOTH LAUGH]
[GASTON BARKS]
This is fun.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[MUSIC STOPS]
Oh, it's stopped.
I want it to go again.
Oh, yes.
Again, again, again!
More, more, more!
Okay.
[RATTLING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ha-ha-ha.
Vroom, vroom.
King and Queen Marigold's castle
isn't boring at all.
Yes, actually.
It's quite fun, isn't it?
ALL:
Choo, choo!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[LAUGHING CONTINUES]
Ha-ha-ha.
Beep, beep.
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[BEN & HOLLY READ
ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
Come on, everyone.
We've got to get ready
for the party.
Party?
Daisy and Poppy's
birthday party.
ALL:
Aah! Oh, no.
BOTH:
Party. Party.
Two magical toddlers
are bad enough...
But when all their
little friends turn up,
it's terrible.
[BOTH PANTING AND LAUGHING]
I've got it.
We'll have the party,
but we won't invite
any guests.
[MIMICS DRUM ROLL]
I've sent out
all the party invites
and everybody's coming.
Oh. Who's coming?
There's little Tarquin...
Tarquin like party.
Oh, no.
Tarquin is a monster.
And there's Raspberry...
Not my little sister?
Even her wand is rude.
[BLOWS RASPBERRY]
And Nettle Elf.
Aah! My little sister.
She's got a stinging nettle
in her hat,
and it stings
when you touch it.
Nettle Elf
is the naughtiest of the lot.
What do you expect?
She's got a pirate
for an uncle.
Yes,
Redbeard the Elf Pirate.
[SIGHS]
This party is going to be
a disaster.
Don't worry.
I've got it all planned.
We'll have magic games,
followed by my magic show,
and ending with magic jelly.
BOTH:
Magicky. Magicky.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
I was wrong. The party's not
going to be a disaster.
It's going
to be a catastrophe.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
I know, King Thistle.
You could have an elf party.
A what?
An elf party
has no magic at all.
But what about
my magic show?
The toddlers love
a magic show.
We have the Great Wizardo,
an elf conjuror.
He doesn't do real magic,
it's just tricks.
I like it, Ben.
It sounds very safe.
Yeah, and boring.
Exactly. Nanny Plum,
call this Great Wizardo
and tell him we've got children
we want to bore.
I mean, entertain.
Ugh. Very well, Your Majesty.
[♪♪♪]
Welcome to the party.
Tarquin like party.
Bye-bye, Tarquin. Be good.
Yes, Mama.
[BLOWS RASPBERRY]
Oh.
Hello, Nettle.
Ow! That stings.
Nanny Plum.
Me fruity pancake.
[SMOOCHES]
[GRUNTS]
Enjoy the party, Nettle.
I'll be back to pick you up
later.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Settle down, children.
Please.
[RINGS]
The Great Wizardo.
That's just
the Wise Old Elf.
I'm not just
the Wise Old Elf,
I'm also
a children's entertainer.
Oh. Carry on then.
These children are a bit
of a handful.
Especially
when they do magic.
There won't be any magic
at this party.
I'll put the toddlers' wands
into the library
where they can't cause
any trouble.
Very clever.
Let's get this party
started.
ALL:
Hooray!
Musical statues.
When the music stops,
you have to stand
as still as a statue.
[GIGGLES]
Aha.
Raspberry, I saw you move.
And you, Nettle.
That's because
they haven't been turned
to stone yet.
Aah! Strawberry.
You've magicked them
into real statues.
Of course.
That's how we fairies play
musical statues.
This is not a fairy party.
Turn them back to normal.
Okay.
The big children's wands
are going into the library
with the others.
Now it's time to play
Stick the Tail
on the Donkey.
Here's the donkey.
Looks like a cabbage.
Or a duck.
It's a donkey.
Now, I will blindfold
Nettle Elf
and she'll try to stick
this tail on the donkey.
[GIGGLING]
Ow! She stung me again.
It's a stupid game anyway.
You need a big dragon
to stick the tail on.
Aah!
[ROARING]
Ah. Looks like the twins' party
has started.
[KING SCREAMS]
Get rid of the dragon.
All right.
Just trying
to liven the party up a bit.
I'm putting the grownups' wands
in the library too.
Now, for my conjuring show.
ALL:
Hooray!
Queen Thistle,
please take a card.
[WISE OLD ELF LAUGHS]
Don't show me.
What is your card?
Um, the two of hearts.
Your card is...
The two of hearts.
That's the worst trick
I've ever seen.
I thought
it was rather good.
How's it done?
For my next trick,
I will turn myself into a mouse.
ALL:
Ooh.
You little ones need to wait
behind this door
for a moment.
How do you change yourself
into a mouse?
I put these ears on
and this nose. Then I--
Um, was it a good idea
putting the toddlers
in the library?
What?
It's same the room
you put all the wands in.
Ah.
[ALL GIGGLING]
Don't worry,
the Great Wizardo
will sort this out.
I'll show them
my mouse trick.
That will surprise them.
They'll be surprised
how bad it is,
so it might work.
Look, children,
I've turned myself into a--
ALL:
Mousey, mousey
[SQUEAK]
Wow.
That's not a bad costume.
Uh...
The toddlers have magicked
the Wise Old Elf
into a real mouse.
[SQUEAK]
Can someone please
magic me back into an elf?
No, we can't do any magic
because somebody
put all the wands
in the library.
Ah, yes.
[SQUEAK]
Ahoy, me hearties.
I'm here to pick up me niece,
Nettle.
Oh. Actually,
the party's not quite over yet.
No?
The toddlers are in the library
with the dangerous
spellbooks.
They've got
all the magic wands.
And they've magicked
the Wise Old Elf into a mouse.
[SQUEAK]
Sounds like a fun party.
Oh, no.
It's gone quiet.
They're up to something.
Let's take a look.
Hello? Hello?
There's no one here.
Just our wands.
Ah. It's good
to have you back again.
Uh, Nanny,
now you have your wand again,
would you mind, um...?
Of course,
oh, Great Wizardo.
Silly old elf
Back to yourself
[GRUNTS]
So where be
the poor little toddlers?
I was afraid of this.
Daisy and Poppy have found
the secret passageway.
ALL:
Ooh.
Where does
the secret passageway go?
To the secret room.
I never knew
we had a secret room.
That's because it's secret.
[♪♪♪]
The room contains
a magical force
that must never be let out.
So not a good room
for toddlers to be in, then.
[CHILDREN GIGGLING]
I hear the sound
of excited little ones.
And something else.
We must not enter.
Honestly.
What a lot of fuss
about
a terrible magical force
of unimaginable power.
I'll handle this.
Good luck,
me brave little pumpkin.
[SMOOCHES]
Gah!
[CHILDREN GIGGLING]
BEN:
What can you see?
HOLLY:
Terrible things.
Redbeard to the rescue.
[♪♪♪]
[GIGGLING]
Here be the toddlers.
NANNY:
Help!
Hang on, Nanny Plum!
Here she be.
You're safe now,
my plum pudding.
I've seen many a terrible thing
at sea.
But nothing, nothing as bad
as what I saw in that room.
That's why we tend
to keep the door locked.
[CHILDREN GIGGLING]
Good. The party's over.
It all went rather well,
I thought.
But what about the jelly?
We haven't had magic jelly yet.
ALL:
Magic Jelly. Magic Jelly.
All right, Nanny.
But please don't make
too much this time.
Look. Magic jelly.
That's good.
The party
must be almost over.
[ALL GIGGLING]
Ah, Raspberry.
Have you had a nice time?
Yes, Mommy.
Tarquin, say,
"Thank you for having me."
Thank you for having me.
It was a pleasure.
Goodbye, Nettle.
Ow! She stung me again.
It's Raspberry's birthday
next.
We hear you've got
a children's entertainer
who's good with toddlers.
Yes. Here he is,
the Great Wizardo.
Um... I--
Wonderful.
See you all
at Raspberry's party then.
[ALL GIGGLING]
TODDLERS:
Party. Party.
[ALL GIGGLING]
[♪♪♪]